a
a

a
b

casa
calle

igual
igual

xxxborrar
borrar

borrarxxx
borrar

borrar
xxxborrar

borrar
borrarxxx

borrar
xxxborrarxxx

xxxborrarxxx
borrar

bbbadd
addxxx

ssbaaa
ppbaxaa

___________________________________________________
___________________________________________________

casa
calle

 *no tocar* 1   c -> c
 *no tocar* 2   a -> a
inserción   3        l
sustitución 4   s -> l
sustitución 5   a -> e
3 es la distancia mínima de edición

igual
igual

 *no tocar* 1   i -> i
 *no tocar* 2   g -> g
 *no tocar* 3   u -> u
 *no tocar* 4   a -> a
 *no tocar* 5   l -> l
0 es la distancia mínima de edición

xxxborrar
borrar

borrado     0   x
borrado     0   x
borrado     0   x
 *no tocar* 1   b -> b
 *no tocar* 2   o -> o
 *no tocar* 3   r -> r
 *no tocar* 4   r -> r
 *no tocar* 5   a -> a
 *no tocar* 6   r -> r
3 es la distancia mínima de edición

borrarxxx
borrar

 *no tocar* 1   b -> b
 *no tocar* 2   o -> o
 *no tocar* 3   r -> r
 *no tocar* 4   r -> r
 *no tocar* 5   a -> a
 *no tocar* 6   r -> r
borrado     6   x
borrado     6   x
borrado     6   x
3 es la distancia mínima de edición

borrar
xxxborrar

inserción   1        x
inserción   2        x
inserción   3        x
 *no tocar* 4   b -> b
 *no tocar* 5   o -> o
 *no tocar* 6   r -> r
 *no tocar* 7   r -> r
 *no tocar* 8   a -> a
 *no tocar* 9   r -> r
3 es la distancia mínima de edición

borrar
borrarxxx

 *no tocar* 1   b -> b
 *no tocar* 2   o -> o
 *no tocar* 3   r -> r
 *no tocar* 4   r -> r
 *no tocar* 5   a -> a
 *no tocar* 6   r -> r
inserción   7        x
inserción   8        x
inserción   9        x

3 es la distancia mínima de edición

borrar
xxxborrarxxx

inserción   1        x
inserción   2        x
inserción   3        x
 *no tocar* 4   b -> b
 *no tocar* 5   o -> o
 *no tocar* 6   r -> r
 *no tocar* 7   r -> r
 *no tocar* 8   a -> a
 *no tocar* 9   r -> r
inserción   10        x
inserción   11        x
inserción   12        x

6 es la distancia mínima de edición

xxxborrarxxx
borrar

borrado     0   x
borrado     0   x
borrado     0   x
 *no tocar* 1   b -> b
 *no tocar* 2   o -> o
 *no tocar* 3   r -> r
 *no tocar* 4   r -> r
 *no tocar* 5   a -> a
 *no tocar* 6   r -> r
borrado     6   x
borrado     6   x
borrado     6   x

6 es la distancia mínima de edición

ssbaaa
ppbaxaa

sustitución 1   s -> p
sustitución 2   s -> p
 *no tocar* 3   b -> b
 *no tocar* 4   a -> a
inserción   5        x
 *no tocar* 6   a -> a
 *no tocar* 7   a -> a
3 es la distancia mínima de edición